Parents who are worried about their children being on Roblox should not let them use it, the chief executive of the gigantic gaming platform has said.
The site, which is the most popular in the UK among young gamers aged eight to 12, has been dogged by claims of some children being exposed to explicit or harmful content through its games, alongside multiple reported allegations of bullying and grooming.
But its co-founder and CEO Dave Baszucki insisted that the company is vigilant in protecting its users and pointed out that "tens of millions" of people have "amazing experiences" on the site.
When asked what his message is to parents who don't want their children on the platform, Mr Baszucki said: "My first message would be, if you're not comfortable, don't let your kids be on Roblox."
"That sounds a little counter-intuitive, but I would always trust parents to make their own decisions," he told BBC News in an exclusive interview.
Responding to the interview, Mumsnet boss Justine Roberts said parents on the forum had spoken of how they struggled to manage their children's use of Roblox.
"There are parental controls, and our users would urge constant parental supervision," she told the BBC.
"But we all know that with the best will in the world life sometimes gets in the way.
"If you've got multiple children you're looking after and things happen, and you probably can't 24/7 watch everything they're doing, even if you've got all your parental controls set."
Ellie Gibson - from the Scummy Mummies podcast - said Mr Baszucki's message risked sounding "a bit of a get out".
"It's much easier said than done, especially when all their friends are playing it," she told the BBC.
Gaming giant
US-based Roblox is one of the world's largest games platforms, with more monthly users than Nintendo Switch and Sony PlayStation combined. In 2024 it averaged more than 80 million players per day – roughly 40% of them below the age of 13. Its vast empire includes some 40 million user-generated games and experiences.
In the UK the Online Safety Act, which comes in to force in April, has strict laws for all tech firms specifically aimed at protecting children from online harms.
But Mr Baszucki says he remains confident in Roblox's safety tools and insists the firm goes above and beyond to keep its users safe.
